#LyX 2.1 created this file. For more info see http://www.lyx.org/
\lyxformat 474
\begin_document
\begin_header
\textclass article
\use_default_options true
\maintain_unincluded_children false
\language english
\language_package default
\inputencoding auto
\fontencoding global
\font_roman default
\font_sans default
\font_typewriter default
\font_math auto
\font_default_family default
\use_non_tex_fonts false
\font_sc false
\font_osf false
\font_sf_scale 100
\font_tt_scale 100
\graphics default
\default_output_format default
\output_sync 0
\bibtex_command default
\index_command default
\paperfontsize default
\spacing single
\use_hyperref false
\papersize a4paper
\use_geometry true
\use_package amsmath 1
\use_package amssymb 1
\use_package cancel 1
\use_package esint 1
\use_package mathdots 1
\use_package mathtools 1
\use_package mhchem 1
\use_package stackrel 1
\use_package stmaryrd 1
\use_package undertilde 1
\cite_engine basic
\cite_engine_type default
\biblio_style plain
\use_bibtopic false
\use_indices false
\paperorientation portrait
\suppress_date false
\justification true
\use_refstyle 1
\index Index
\shortcut idx
\color #008000
\end_index
\leftmargin 2cm
\topmargin 1.5cm
\rightmargin 2cm
\bottommargin 1.5cm
\secnumdepth 3
\tocdepth 3
\paragraph_separation indent
\paragraph_indentation 1cm
\quotes_language english
\papercolumns 1
\papersides 1
\paperpagestyle default
\tracking_changes false
\output_changes false
\html_math_output 0
\html_css_as_file 0
\html_be_strict false
\end_header

\begin_body

\begin_layout Title
\paragraph_spacing onehalf
Is photocopying ethically right or wrong?
\end_layout

\begin_layout Author
\paragraph_spacing onehalf
Ravi Shankar (2012501030)
\end_layout

\begin_layout Date
\paragraph_spacing onehalf
Engineering Ethics (Assignment - I)
\end_layout

\begin_layout Subsection*
\paragraph_spacing single
Introduction:
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
\paragraph_spacing single
Almost every creation of a human being in any field (like art, technology,
 or academia) is being copyright-protected nowadays.
 That's the only way to reduce (if not prevent) 
\begin_inset Quotes eld
\end_inset

plagiarism
\begin_inset Quotes erd
\end_inset

, which still prevails in such fields.
\begin_inset Newline newline
\end_inset


\end_layout

\begin_layout Quote
\paragraph_spacing single

\family sans
Plagiarism is the "wrongful appropriation" and "stealing and publication"
 of an author's language, thoughts, ideas, or expressions and the representation
 of them as one's own original work.
\end_layout

\begin_layout Quote
\noindent
\align right

\family sans
(Source: Wikipedia)
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
\paragraph_spacing single
Plagiarism is considered morally 
\series bold
wrong 
\series default
because if someone gets involved in such an act (of 
\begin_inset Quotes eld
\end_inset

plagiarizing
\begin_inset Quotes erd
\end_inset

 someone else's creation), then the creator won't be attributed for his
 work and the wrong guy (who may not have done anything at all!) gets the
 credit.
 For example, if I had given the above definition of 
\begin_inset Quotes eld
\end_inset

plagiarism
\begin_inset Quotes erd
\end_inset

 without the proper citation (to Wikipedia), then it's an act of plagiarism.
 In the present state of our world, plagiarism (if caught) may lead to punishmen
t, depending on the level of involvement.
\end_layout

\begin_layout Subsection*
Photocopying:
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
\paragraph_spacing single
\begin_inset space \hspace{}
\length 2.5em
\end_inset

While plagiarism is ethically wrong and is closely related to copyright
 infringement (if the real work is copyright-protected), photocopying is
 not necessarily wrong (ethically), but instead it depends on the situation
 - like, where the problem emerges, whether it's been plagiarized, the purpose
 of it, etc.
\begin_inset Newline newline
\end_inset


\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
As an example, let's consider a guy who wants to photocopy a book.
 From the ethical point of view, there are different cases where the act
 can be considered right or wrong.
\end_layout

\begin_layout Paragraph*
It is ethically right, if the guy...
\end_layout

\begin_layout Itemize
just wants to learn something and doesn't use it for any other benefits,
 reputation or gain in any way
\end_layout

\begin_layout Itemize
includes proper attribution to the author (by citing the reference) while
 including the content in his work
\end_layout

\begin_layout Itemize
gets permission from the author before publishing his modification of the
 author's content
\end_layout

\begin_layout Paragraph*
It is ethically wrong (in every way!), if the guy...
\end_layout

\begin_layout Itemize
simply plagiarizes the author's content for his own benefits
\end_layout

\begin_layout Subsection*
Conclusion:
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
\begin_inset space \hspace{}
\length 2.5em
\end_inset

The 
\series bold
absence of citation
\series default
 to the real authors of the work is something that's going on for decades
 in many fields (especially in academia).
 That's why copyright infringement acts have been passed to protect the
 creation of creators.
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
But, unlike plagiarism, photocopying is not a global phenomena.
 It's only done by amateurs, book vendors, students and (probably) teachers
 too.
 So, whether their act is worthy or not, whether it's actually right or
 wrong is left to the individual's conscience, as he/she is taking the risk
 of being caught for his act some day in the near future.
 Ethically speaking, it's always a good practice to cite to the proper authors
 while using their work (which also applies to the information obtained
 through photocopying).
\end_layout

\end_body
\end_document
